---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

## What did you do this past week?
This week we started learning about the basic syntax of C++ and compared it to Java. We also discussed some tools for testing our code, such as assert statements and Google test, and the pros and cons of using each. At first, I was a little overwhelmed because it's been a while since I've used Java, and I've never had experience with C++. However, Professor Downing's lectures were very engaging and I felt like I had a good understanding of the topics we covered. I also really liked the code examples that we went through in lecture because it helped me visualize the testing process and I could easily compare the C++ syntax to Java.

## What's in  your way?
I think the biggest challenge for me right now is being able to feel comfortable with all of the new tools we have to use in this class. I'm very excited about learning things that will be applicable after I graduate, but I have a pretty big learning curve ahead of me. I also need to get over my fear of speaking in front of the class since we are randomly called on to answer questions during lecture. 

## What will you do next week?
My plan for this coming week is to dive into the new tools we'll be using for our coding projects. I don't think it will be too hard since Professor Downing's website is very organized and has a lot of helpful links for getting started, and we have resources like Piazza to help answer our questions. I also want to get started on the readings and do a quick Java review course online. 

## My experience with the class so far.
So far, I've really enjoyed this class, and I'm very excited about the topics we'll be learning about. I really like Professor Downing's teaching style because it definitely keeps everyone in the class engaged. When I found out that we will be randomly called on to answer questions throughout the lecture I was really nervous, but it ended up being like a casual conversation between students and the professor. The quizzes are kind of stressful, but as long as I review the class material often I don't think they will be too bad. 

## Tip of the week:
One of the most important things that I've learned during my time at UT and through my internship this past summer is that we must be able to learn things quickly and efficiently. Whether it be new programming languages, new software, or a skill like public speaking, being able to learn new things and problem solve on your own is a necessary skill in our field. Luckily, there's about a million resources online to help developers, but I wanted to share a couple of my favorite websites for learning new programming languages. One tutorial site that I used almost everyday this summer to learn SQL and XML was http://www.w3schools.com/. It has great example code to look at and it even lets you try writing code on your own. I'm the type of person that learns by doing, so this feature was extremely helpful to me. Another great tutorial site I use often is http://www.tutorialspoint.com/. It has an extensive library of tutorials from Java to Web Dev tools to soft skills with good examples and descriptions. I use this website often when I need to see a quick and simple example or an explanation of a concept. Both of these sites are great places to get started if you want to learn the basics of a new language, and are great to have bookmarked for future reference!
