---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

## What did you do this past week?
This week, we continued our discussion of software contracts in lecture. We learned about the all_of function, wrote the Range Iterator class, and discussed different types of constructors. I caught up on some of the readings outside of class, and started looking over some of the material that will be covered on the test. 

## What's in  your way?
This week, I'm going to have a lot to juggle. With four interviews and a test in this class, I'm going to have to work really hard to schedule enough time to get everything done. I also need to spend a lot of time reviewing for this test. I need to make sure I'm comfortable writing all of the topics that we've covered in C++ since that's what the majority of the test will entail.

## What will you do next week?
This week I plan on spending most of my time reviewing for the test in this class. I want to go over all the lecture notes, quizzes, and make sure I can write all the methods that we talked about in class myself. I also will create practice questions to go through and practice with.

## My experience with the class so far.
I'm still really enjoying this class, however the quizzes seem to be getting harder and harder. I think reviewing the material from the previous lecture before the quiz will help me get better scores, so I'm going to try and do that from now on. Some of the topics I feel a bit iffy on though, so hopefully studying this week will fill any gaps I have at this point.

## Tip of the week:
My tip for this week is to come up with practice sample questions for the exam to help you study. Usually, taking old tests or going through practice problems is the best way for me to know where I stand on the material for a class, but since that is not available to us, I would suggest finding a group of people and sharing practice questions with each other. Teaching the material to someone else is also a great way to learn and internalize a concept. Happy studying!
